[(Colorado, 'State bounded on the north by Wyoming and Nebraska, on the east by Kansas and Nebraska, on the south by New Mexico and Oklahoma, and on the west by Utah.'), (cough, 'A sudden, audible expulsion of air from the lungs through a partially closed glottis, preceded by inhalation. It is a protective response that serves to clear the trachea, bronchi, and/or lungs of irritants and secretions, or to prevent aspiration of foreign materials into the lungs.'), (dyspnea, 'Difficult or labored breathing.'), (cough, 'A sudden, audible expulsion of air from the lungs through a partially closed glottis, preceded by inhalation. It is a protective response that serves to clear the trachea, bronchi, and/or lungs of irritants and secretions, or to prevent aspiration of foreign materials into the lungs.'), (male, 'A person who belongs to the sex that normally produces sperm. The term is used to indicate biological sex distinctions, cultural gender role distinctions, or both.'), (fever, 'An abnormal elevation of body temperature, usually as a result of a pathologic process.'), (fever, 'An abnormal elevation of body temperature, usually as a result of a pathologic process.'), (respiratory distress, 'A syndrome characterized by progressive life-threatening RESPIRATORY INSUFFICIENCY in the absence of known LUNG DISEASES, usually following a systemic insult such as surgery or major TRAUMA.')]
Use these definitions of medical terms: [(Colorado, 'State bounded on the north by Wyoming and Nebraska, on the east by Kansas and Nebraska, on the south by New Mexico and Oklahoma, and on the west by Utah.'), (cough, 'A sudden, audible expulsion of air from the lungs through a partially closed glottis, preceded by inhalation. It is a protective response that serves to clear the trachea, bronchi, and/or lungs of irritants and secretions, or to prevent aspiration of foreign materials into the lungs.'), (dyspnea, 'Difficult or labored breathing.'), (cough, 'A sudden, audible expulsion of air from the lungs through a partially closed glottis, preceded by inhalation. It is a protective response that serves to clear the trachea, bronchi, and/or lungs of irritants and secretions, or to prevent aspiration of foreign materials into the lungs.'), (male, 'A person who belongs to the sex that normally produces sperm. The term is used to indicate biological sex distinctions, cultural gender role distinctions, or both.'), (fever, 'An abnormal elevation of body temperature, usually as a result of a pathologic process.'), (fever, 'An abnormal elevation of body temperature, usually as a result of a pathologic process.'), (respiratory distress, 'A syndrome characterized by progressive life-threatening RESPIRATORY INSUFFICIENCY in the absence of known LUNG DISEASES, usually following a systemic insult such as surgery or major TRAUMA.')]to build a medical report based on this patient description: 
An 8-year-old male presents in March to the ER with fever up to 39 C, dyspnea and cough for 2 days. 
He has just returned from a 5 day vacation in Colorado. 
Parents report that prior to the onset of fever and cough, he had loose stools. 
He denies upper respiratory tract symptoms. On examination he is in respiratory distress and has bronchial respiratory sounds on the left. 
A chest x-ray shows bilateral lung infiltrates.

The patient is diagnosed with Legionnaires' disease.

Medical Report:
An 8-year-old male presented to the Emergency Room in March with a 2-day history of fever up to 39°C, dyspnea, and cough. He had returned from a 5-day vacation in Colorado five days prior to the onset of symptoms. The patient's parents reported that he had experienced loose stools before the fever and cough began. He denied any upper respiratory tract symptoms. Upon examination, the patient was found to be in respiratory distress and had bronchial respiratory sounds on the left side of his chest. A chest x-ray revealed bilateral lung infiltrates, consistent with Legionnaires' disease.
